docs/source/help.rst, before:

Help
====

Couldn't find what you were looking for?
The Featuretools community is happy to provide support to users of Featuretools.


Discussion
----------

Conversation happens in the following places:

1.  **General Usage questions** are directed to `StackOverflow`_ with the #featuretools tag.
2.  **Bug reports and feature requests** are managed on the `GitHub issue
    tracker`_.
3.  **Chat** occurs on at `Slack`_. Please do not post general usage questions and bug reports
    on Slack. Instead people should use Stack Overflow or GitHub.
4.  **Everything else, core developers** can be reached at help@featuretools.com.

.. _`StackOverflow`: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/featuretools
.. _`Github issue tracker`: https://github.com/featuretools/featuretools/issues
.. _`Slack`: https://join.slack.com/t/featuretools/shared_invite/enQtNTEwODEzOTEwMjg4LTZiZDdkYjZhZTVkMmVmZDIxNWZiNTVjNDQxYmZkMzI5NGRlOTg5YjcwYmJiNWE2YjIzZmFkMjc1NDZkNjBhZTQ


Asking for help
---------------
All users levels, including beginners, should feel free to ask questions and
report bugs when using featuretools. You can get better answers if follow a
few simple guidelines:

1.  **Use the right resource**: We suggest using Github or StackOverflow.
    Questions asked at these locations will be more searchable for other users.

    - Slack should be used for community discussion and collaboration.
    - For general questions on how something should work or tips, use StackOverflow.
    - Bugs should be reported on Github.

2.  **Ask in one place only**: Please post your question in one place
    (StackOverflow or Github).

3.  **Use examples**: Make `minimal, complete, verifiable examples
    <https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve>`_. You will get
    much better answers if your provide code that people can use to reproduce
    your problem.

4.  **Sharing data privately**: If you have data that you can't share publicly,
    feel free to send an email to help@featuretools.com.


Commercial support
-------------------

Featuretools Enterprise offers expert support from the creators and core developers of Featuretools. Whether you need help getting a project off the ground or scaling Featuretools usage across your organization, we’ll provide our expertise to help you build the best machine learning models possible. More information can be found `here <https://www.featurelabs.com/featuretools/>`__.

Commit message:

Add installation instructions for add-on libraries (#617)
* specify json file path when giving feature serialization examples

* installation updates

* misc changes

* Update changelog.rst

* updates

* Update README.md

* add entity set image to readme

* Update README.md

* more edits

* fix doc build warning

* fix typo

* update slack

* Update help.rst

docs/source/help.rst, after:

Help
====

Couldn't find what you were looking for?
The Featuretools community is happy to provide support to users of Featuretools.


Discussion
----------

Conversation happens in the following places:

1.  **General usage questions** are directed to `StackOverflow`_ with the #featuretools tag.
2.  **Feature requests** can be made on the `Feature Request Board <http://feedback.featurelabs.com>`__.
3.  **Bug reports** are managed on the `GitHub issue
    tracker`_.
4.  **Chat** and collaboration within the community occurs on `Slack`_. For general usage questions, please post on
    Stack Overflow where answers are more searchable by other users.
5.  **Everything else, core developers** can be reached at help@featuretools.com.

.. _`StackOverflow`: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/featuretools
.. _`Github issue tracker`: https://github.com/featuretools/featuretools/issues
.. _`Slack`: https://join.slack.com/t/featuretools/shared_invite/enQtNTEwODEzOTEwMjg4LTZiZDdkYjZhZTVkMmVmZDIxNWZiNTVjNDQxYmZkMzI5NGRlOTg5YjcwYmJiNWE2YjIzZmFkMjc1NDZkNjBhZTQ


Asking for help
---------------
All users levels, including beginners, should feel free to ask questions and
report bugs when using featuretools. You can get better answers if follow a
few simple guidelines:

1.  **Use the right resource**: We suggest using Github or StackOverflow.
    Questions asked at these locations will be more searchable for other users.

    - Slack should be used for community discussion and collaboration.
    - For general questions on how something should work or tips, use StackOverflow.
    - Bugs should be reported on Github.

2.  **Ask in one place only**: Please post your question in one place
    (StackOverflow or Github).

3.  **Use examples**: Make `minimal, complete, verifiable examples
    <https://stackoverflow.com/help/mcve>`_. You will get
    much better answers if your provide code that people can use to reproduce
    your problem.

4.  **Sharing data privately**: If you have data that you can't share publicly,
    feel free to send an email to help@featurelabs.com.


Commercial support
-------------------

Featuretools Enterprise offers expert support from the creators and core developers of Featuretools. Whether you need help getting a project off the ground or scaling Featuretools usage across your organization, we’ll provide our expertise to help you build the best machine learning models possible. More information can be found `here <https://www.featurelabs.com/featuretools/>`__.
